xviii Introduction

possibility of all knowledge but, starting from the axiom that
absolute certainty is unattainable in questions of speculative
philosophy, to lind out by inquiry that which after sifting all
the conflicting opinions of philosophers has most probability·
in its favour and thus to secure himself against the foolish
presumption of those who would establish absolute certainty,
where certainty is impossible (115 8, Acad. 11 3, 7). In place
of absolute and certain knowledge he prefers the probable,
probabile, In all questions of a purely speculative nature we
must, he says, rest satisfied with this, except where in par-
ticular questions, such as that concerning the existence of the
gods, the inbom sense is so strong that probability becomes
scertainty⁹³. But as philosophy has to teach usonly the right
method of conduct, these speculative questions are of se·
condary importance in comparison with those. of a practical
bearing, and in order to secure us against error in our actions,
the discovery of the probabileis enough, as Kameades taught ¹¹.
Our natural feeling of what is right and on the other hand
the evidence of our senses make it possible to distinguish the
¹ True from the False. The objection therefore against. Cicero,
that as a Sceptic he had no right to lay down definite rules⁹⁵
on moral obligations, is groundless and all the more so, be·
cause in his ethical treatises he has avoided Scepticism more
than iu his other writings. From a positive point of view he
rejects the doctrine of Epicurus and agrees with the principles
of the Stoics and Peripatetics, and particularly in questions
of special morality he does not admit Scepticism at all. In fact
he lays down in this branch of Ethics a definite system, though
he certainly falls to carry it out with much consistency‚ modi·
lying it when practical interests require and supplementing it
with additions horrowed from other systems, even if these do

²⁸ Tusodisp.1 1⁶,36den esse namra opinamur. ¹⁴ Acad. prior.

ll fl 99 qualiquali accihrit specie probabile, si nila'l sc ruberet, qaod sit pro·

habilitati illi carnarium, uretur eo sapim, ac sic omnis ratio vitae glaber·

nubitur. Etenim isquoqus, qui a vobis rapinas inducitur, mulla sequitur

probabilia nan comprdrnsa neque percepta neque adrem sad similia veri ,-
qaas normal, omnir arla tollatur, ihi ¹04· ²⁸ deofl 1157.

 

