romenslcrmfimfdfimummigndbun
1cianHm382mOEL 13.ss »ι’-5,, mezktitmf
ὴεριεῑσεὼεῑίῑῐεαιῃῆιωᾶῄὲ Ξιιίἐιιζπῑιη

περὶτοῦ n «Oq'umgqnmhmm'mmwoe'

{mmm ssffwgm

mestnonss'nim. Ιιψκῐετιωιξωῖξωίῇε
aetos‘ moraldmes' mmmimffioemvufizmumm
othercimumstzmesuffihmfmitfinmae1523-
compaaealsomsff chamaam&
ciisctlaua'ibuswww

OEffll.

&mn mnulffln'finnffiu
{tthefirstoprtilmffiabfflkuizkoenkhm
ιεκῐγωμῖιελὶυωφίῑιζέϊιιῖκωψιὶ
memsibi podffldpia-aassumwnqn-«il
messe AsCmospabhdoenffinn-inm
{ffiffiffiffiffiwss
ofCaesar. Ontboehfflffiehbiqnunqkm
›elievingthatthenumemmmfflfiemxt‘ioe
e.year (ι)ΙηὼιυγίεςιιιιΏπίῇιίῄί-πίξιμιι
aoeountalmostofthefflyoemdffiufioeumm
workdeofficiitumssoa. Adanu. &Quin
11151215thatthismfflmfflhfitm
whiehhehadddgmdg'nssughmhjmxfiu kuic
ιεεάὼσείαεὼίιυιήωὼῇιριζιιεέήςαα
abandoned. Xwnhnfiulpdhtm,hh1hgm
onavoyagqhemdxiufflnaemffithmnioeffi
ιςιεωάιιείιὼωάιορπφὴῆήηαωπ
neb ytherepnmdffifikmfflahmmkq‘qvp
licaffaimhadukmphoendtmbpmoenm ir'ae
ὴεάὼείιρίιώωὼῐωιὰτάὲῃπ mam
anddelimedhisfinl’nffippzafiuimmnimrssu
eoli- Herehespmhembdssmhnimniny
ιὶῐοὴιιεωριοιαίωἰιήεηῶνή himina
finishedbdoretheffldm Δ] mmm
disagrmmtmy btnmfflbymfiaeioemssmx
wghhefflhnoetkfindmssnsstmmmbq

meoeehismumoetkimqi-dcmqm assum
Cmdoeu'ndtoqdffimixwmms

 

